Knouted restoring the token let's use it for outgoing requests.
We have these requests or these actions in our next just fall into store add and edit post.
Let's first try out what happens if I try to edit a post now.
All the cons. again and it's simply not safe.
I get this for a one error here I get navigated away still but I get this error.
Now that is of course something that happens because we are not passing authentication information with
the request and we locked down our firebase database rules.
So we need to be authenticated in order to succeed.
So what we can do is we can go back to our store file and in edit posts.
Let's start with that.
We have to attach to token.
Now how do we attach the token.
Let's quickly google for something.
If you google for firebase rest API off you should find this authenticated rest requests article.
And there you'll find information on how to add a token to your outgoing requests reaching you firebase
rest API.
If you scroll down a bit to firebase ID tokens you'll see that you need to add that off query parameter
to your outgoing requests so that simply do that here on the edit post put request at the end off.
Jason I'll add this question mark of thing and you're all simply add my token.
Now how do I get access to it.
I get my X context here.
And on that context I can actually access my state and on that state I can get my token.
So this allows me to extract the token in my action year.
And now let's try this out.
Let's go back now.
Important you need to log in first because right now we have no way of persisting the token across page
refreshes.
So let's go back to the log in page and quickly log in there like this.
And now if we know don't reload the page in between let's edit this post the exclamation mark for example
in hit say and now does work.
These are other errors we can see that it worked because there is this extra exclamation mark and it's
still there.
If we load the page.
So this does work and we can attach the same logic with that of query parameter and the token from the
state to our new post.
You are out here in the at post-action there at the end of the URL.
I also simply add this.
With that we got our token in use.
One problem we're facing is that we're not persisting the token across page refreshes and also that
we're not really redirecting the user.
In cases where he's not logged in right now and unsophisticated user can access all our routes.
Now let's actually work on that first since we will use middleware for that and thereafter have a look
at what we can do about refreshing the pages.